yeah I'm riding in this new bus service
called leap which launched just this
week here in San Francisco and this is a
very different alternative to public
transportation it's easy to use you just
sign up you find a bus on the map and
you can do that by downloading the app
or you go to the leap website you hop on
scan your QR code the cost is six bucks
per ride or if you buy a bundle it's
five dollars per ride you get free Wi-Fi
also many a lot of snacks for purchase
granola bars yard yogurt some Blue
Bottle coffee and there are some big
names in Silicon Valley who are big
believers in leap this startup has
already raised 2.5 million dollars from
andreessen horowitz and Salesforce CEO
Marc Benioff among others but leap does
have competition there's another startup
here called chariot which launched last
April and chariot has already provided
some 75,000 rides now it doesn't offer
the same perks as leap it is lost less
expensive at about $4 per ride but the
company's CEO says his service is better
than the competition we're more
comfortable reliable and faster than
public transit and were much more
affordable than the point-to-point
services like uber and lyft during
commuter hours now currently chariot
runs on four routes in San Francisco -
the CEO says are already profitable and
this week they launched a crowdsourcing
campaign the idea there is that a
commuters highlight a route they want if
enough - the company will create it
right now here in San Francisco
obviously still a lot of people use
public transit some 700,000 passengers a
day but you talk to the ceos of leap and
chariot and they are having a lot of
fans and they have big ambitions both
say they're hoping to expand beyond just
the city by the bay back to you guys
hey YouTube fans i'm landon dowdy from
CNBC thank you so much for checking out
our channel you can subscribe by
clicking right here to check out the
latest Mad Money CEO interviews market
news financial advice and product
unboxing enjoy